Common Settings - User Manual
⌘
K
Admin & Reports
Viewing Reports
Common Settings
5 min
In the Report section, we have some settings that are common such as Report Field settings, quick links to generate reports, and an icon to access all the generated reports.
Here is how you can manage these settings - 
Report Field Setting
There are a few fields that one can view and there are others that can be only downloaded into an Excel file. With Report Fields Settings, we’ll allow Admin to choose the report fields they wish to view and the fields to export.
Each report page contains a button called 
“Manage fields”
. Clicking it will open a 
Report Field Setting 
popup containing a list of all table fields of the respective report file.
﻿
Along with the table field, we have added checkboxes. Check/uncheck the fields that you look forward to viewing in the reports and downloading them later.
The system will only show the data of the selected field name, thus allowing you to personalize your reports according to your sales needs.
Clicking on the 
Save 
button will save the configuration for the current logged-in account whereas clicking on 
Save for All
 will save this field setting for all the admin accounts. 
Note:
 The 
Save for All
 button will only be available to the Super Admin account. 
Quick Links
Quick links at the top to export reports in Excel or Print it. 
﻿
Once you click on the "Export to Excel" icon, the report will be generated in the background and after its is downloaded, it will be displayed beside "Settings" icon and you can also access all the generated reported files using the "Generated Reported Files" icon.
Generated Report Files
All the generated reports from the Reports section can be accessed from this icon. Click on the 
Generated Report Files
 icon to view all the reports generated:
﻿
Here, admin can donwload the reports and remove any report from the list.
Did this page help you?
Yes
No
PREVIOUS
Admin Group/Role
NEXT
Sales
Docs powered by
 
Archbee
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Report Field Setting
Quick Links
Generated Report Files
Docs powered by
 
Archbee